c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\websearch\websearch\bin\Debug\websearch.exe.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\websearch\websearch\bin\Debug\websearch.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\websearch\websearch\bin\Debug\websearch.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\websearch\websearch\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\websearch\websearch\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Customsearch.v1.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\websearch\websearch\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\websearch\websearch\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\websearch\websearch\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\websearch\websearch\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\websearch\websearch\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\websearch\websearch\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\websearch\websearch\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\websearch\websearch\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\websearch\websearch\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\websearch\websearch\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Customsearch.v1.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\websearch\websearch\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Customsearch.v1.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\websearch\websearch\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\websearch\websearch\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\websearch\websearch\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\websearch\websearch\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\websearch\websearch\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\websearch\websearch\obj\Debug\websearch.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\websearch\websearch\obj\Debug\websearch.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\websearch\websearch\obj\Debug\websearch.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\textsearch\websearch\bin\Debug\websearch.exe.config
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\textsearch\websearch\bin\Debug\websearch.exe
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\textsearch\websearch\bin\Debug\websearch.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\textsearch\websearch\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\textsearch\websearch\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Customsearch.v1.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\textsearch\websearch\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\textsearch\websearch\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\textsearch\websearch\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\textsearch\websearch\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\textsearch\websearch\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\textsearch\websearch\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\textsearch\websearch\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\textsearch\websearch\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\textsearch\websearch\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\textsearch\websearch\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Customsearch.v1.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\textsearch\websearch\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Customsearch.v1.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\textsearch\websearch\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\textsearch\websearch\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\textsearch\websearch\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\textsearch\websearch\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\textsearch\websearch\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\textsearch\websearch\obj\Debug\websearch.exe
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\textsearch\websearch\obj\Debug\websearch.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\textsearch\websearch\obj\Debug\websearch.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
